1.25-1.30 OKR
  1 100 words
  2 C pointer:array and pointer
  3 COAP server ,COAP client\
  4 ride to work 
  
  
 1.100 words just about 70 words
 assistant   he has a assistant to help him with his work
 dispatch     !!!
 storm hit    by a storm
 expedition   they went on a mountian expedition
 presitige    considerable presitige
 groove       most slide door move inside the groove !!!
 brute        !!!!
 currency     rmb is the currency of china
 ritual       !!!!
 embark       the womon embarked on a new career as a writer
 vicious      tigers are vicious animals
 definitive   the definitive rejection
 official     !!! n.
 slipper      a pair of slipper
 tortuous     !!! we should take a tortuous detour to the destination
 immortal     !!!
 inlet        !!!
 interfere    !!!
 make-up      !!!
 margin       i often make notes in the margin
 web          
 bitterss     my heart is filled with bitterness.but i try not to show it
 slender      you become so slender
 pickup       garbage pickup
 quantity     a large quantity of roses
 accession    the accession of a new emperor
 predator     monstrous predator
 monstrous    
 wayside      stand on the wayside of the road
 narrate      she used lively expressions to help her narrate her story
 recommondation
 cottage      i live a peaceful life in the cottages along the lake
 ongoing      an ongoing argument
 tablet       ancient tablet
 derive       teacher derive from the root word teach
 dean         the dean of our department
 tease
 spin         i can spin the basketball on my finger
 autobiography  this scientist's autobiography inspired me a lot
 slim         slim figure
 forerunner   he is the forerunner of chinese rock music
 cargo        loads cargos onto the ship
 cow
 assault      conducting an assault on the enemy lines
 lawful       participate in the lawful hunting acitivities
 prisoner     kept as prisoner
 ammunition   the soldiers is well equipped with ammunitions
 content      you can get a brief idea of a book from the table of contents
 miserable    !!!
 prey         !!!!   the prey of tiger
 equivalent   is equivalent to ten times my annual salary
 intellect    considerable intellect
 lightning    a bolt of lightning striking my house
 gauge        the pressure gauge indicated the pressure!!!!!!!!
 agreement
 dominate     ！！！！！！！！！！！！
 administer   he administer many departments within our company
 fishery      fishery is a part of sea where fish are caught in large number
 catching     the flu is catching
 wax          the wax of red candle fell on the table
 inaugurate   we inaugurate the opening of the new store!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 paradise     the bird's paradise
 waitress     ask waitress to bring the bill
 thoughtful   your boy friend is thoughtful
 meter        the meter o
 residental   the residental area is seperate from the bussiness strite
 
 
  2 C pointer:array and pointer   just a glance
  3 COAP server ,COAP client\     finished ,work 
  4 ride to work                  three days !!!
  
  
  next week oky
  1.100 words
  2.the journal output
  3.ride to work 
  4.light diet
  5.review the notes regularly
  
